Add Azure multi installation support and adjust cloud providers guides (#1362)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/cloud-providers/gcp/installation.md

# Installation

The Google Cloud Ocean integration relies on the Google Cloud Client libraries, which are authenticated using Application Default Credentials. 

> In these guides, you can install the integration in various ways, varying by the authentication method + platform you choose to run the integration on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these guides, you can install the integration in various ways, according to the authentication method + platform you choose to run the integration on.
```

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="on-prem" label="On Premise">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TabItem value="on-prem" label="On Premises">
```
